GAME IDEA:
You are intergalactic ranger trying to round up all 5 of the galaxies most known convicts who have escaped prison, each has its own race of alien gangs that fight for them and each has a secret weakness that you can only learn about if you play through there specific side quest. This secret weakness will help you beat there boss level easier (less HP or DPS). You can only play through two of the five side quests so that players don't do all the side quests and then defeat all five bosses easily also this makes the game replay able(so they can restart to try the other side quests).
You as the ranger have to pick a certain criminal to try to take down first. When you pick it you start through a series of dungeons where players will be able to grind for RNG gear that helps you defeat mini bosses in the side quests and also help with the criminal boss of those dungeons . Yes the game is meant to incourage grinding and RNG looting. Once the player has defeated that spacific criminal boss and alien gang they can now choose another of the five to repeat the process and eventually kill all five. Each criminals dungeons will be completely themed differently and the loot that will drop will be completely different. weapons that drop will also have completely different mechanics, thus Lessing the boring effects of pure grinding.
Another way of softening the grinding nature of this game will be the fun slightly challenging and engaging combat system. The main controls for combat will be C and V for level 1 abilities A or D plus Lmouse or Rmouse will combo for level 2 abilities. W or S plus C or V combo together for level 3 Abilitys. And finally R plus W plus SPACE will combo for 1 level 4 ability. Players will gain roughly half a level from killing bosses and the other EXP will come from grinding.
NOTE: all of the above was written with out thought for the capabilities of java script or the capabilities of me and Aiden. Most or all is bound to change.
Plz tell me your thought
About the idea
This game will be played mostly from text adventure and a lowly graphic viewport but when in combat will switch to a combo based combat system
